Adding documentation for HTTP request in Browser tests (#7404)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/actions.md

**Note**: If it does not make sense for you to run your subtest independently, you can pause it. It will continue to be called as part of your main test, but it will not be executed individually.

> ## HTTP Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## HTTP requests
```

> You can run HTTP requests as part of your Browser tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run HTTP requests as part of your browser tests. 
```

{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/recorder_http_requests.png" alt="HTTP Request step"  style="width:70%;" >}}

> ### Perform an HTTP request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup
```

To define your HTTP request:

1. Choose the **Method** and **URL** to query. Available methods are: `GET`, `POST`, `PATCH`, `PUT`, `HEAD`, `DELETE`, and `OPTIONS`.
2. Optionally specify **Advanced Options**:
     * Follow redirects: Toggle to have the monitored endpoint follow up to ten redirects.

>      * Allow insecure certificates: Toggle to have your HTTP test go on with connection even if there is an error when validating the certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Allow insecure certificates: Toggle to have your HTTP test continue the connection even if there is an error when validating the certificate.
```

>      * Headers: Defined headers override the default browser headers. For example, set the User Agent in the header to [identify Datadog scripts][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Headers: Defined headers override the default browser headers, for example: set the User Agent in the header to [identify Datadog scripts][1].
```

Author: Removed the ref to user agent as a user agent is set by default by our tests

     * Authentication: HTTP basic authentication with username and password
     * Body: Request body and body type (`text/plain`, `application/json`, `text/xml`, `text/html`, or `None`). **Note**: The request body is limited to a maximum size of 50 kilobytes.
     * Cookies: Defined cookies are added to the default browser cookies. Set multiple cookies using the format `<COOKIE_NAME1>=<COOKIE_VALUE1>; <COOKIE_NAME2>=<COOKIE_VALUE2>`.

> 3. Click on **Test URL** to try out your request configuration. You should see a response preview show up allowing you to confirm whether you are getting the expected response data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Test URL** to test your request configuration. This results in a preview showing response data.
```

{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/http_request.png" alt="Make HTTP Request"  style="width:80%;" >}}

### Add assertions

> You can also optionally decide to base your step success on assertions about the defined HTTP request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can base your step success on assertions about the defined HTTP request:
```

| Type          | Operator                                                                        | Value type                 |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------|
| Status Code   | `is`, `is not`                                                                  | _Integer_                  |
| Response time | `lessThan`                                                                      | _Integer (ms)_             |
| Headers       | `contains`, `does not contain`, `is`, `is not` <br> `matches`, `does not match` | _String_ <br> _[Regex][7]_ |
| Body          | `contains`, `does not contain`, `is`, `is not` <br> `matches`, `does not match` | _String_ <br> _[Regex][7]_ |

> 

Reviewer: I think this table would be easier to read if the `Value type` column was in the center.

Author: Done!
